Cons 1.0

This is a Perl5-based make replacement, but does not provide make
compatibility.

You will need Perl 5.002 or better and the Perl MD5 Extension
(MD5-1.6.tar.gz), available from CPAN.

This program is known to work on a variety of platforms: it's in
production use on versions of SunOS, Solaris, HPUX, AIX, and IRIX.

The current program will not work correctly on Windows/NT, but we do
have an internal version that does appear to work on that platform,
but has not been well tested. If anyone is interested, contact me.
	
PostScript documentation is in cons.ps.

The following is an excerpt from the introduction in cons.ps:

 Cons is a system for constructing, primarily, software, but is quite
 different from previous software construction systems. Cons was
 designed from the ground up to deal easily with the construction of
 software spread over multiple source directories. Cons makes it easy
 to create build scripts that are simple, understandable and
 maintainable. Cons ensures that complex software is easily and
 accurately reproducible.

 Cons uses a number of techniques to accomplish all of this.
 Construction scripts are just Perl scripts, making them both easy to
 comprehend and very flexible. Global scoping of variables is replaced
 with an import/export mechanism for sharing information between
 scripts, significantly improving the readability and maintainability
 of each script. Construction environments are introduced: these are
 Perl objects that capture the information required for controlling the
 build process. Multiple environments are used when different semantics
 are required for generating products in the build tree. Cons
 implements automatic dependency analysis and uses this to globally
 sequence the entire build. Variant builds are easily produced from a
 single source tree. Intelligent build subsetting is possible, when
 working on localized changes. Overrides can be setup to easily
 override build instructions without modifying any scripts. MD5
 cryptographic signatures are associated with derived files, and are
 used to accurately determine whether a given file needs to be rebuilt.

Complaints, suggestions, kudos, etc. to:

	Bob Sidebotham
	rns@fore.com
	1-412-635-3366

	FORE Systems
	Pittsburgh, PA.
